Update templates (#831)
tauri-apps/wry: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Steps To Reproduce**

> Steps to reproduce the behavior. It **must** uses wry directly instead of just tauri dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps to reproduce the behavior. It **must** use wry directly instead of tauri.
```
